security cameras nor do I see well amateurs continue to show the
violence of the earthquake in santiago in the streets and the interior of the cars
there was also a nightmare
With the passing of the days, videos that serve to
address the strength of one of the earthquakes
greatest in the modern history of mankind
eight points degrees reached the earthquake in santiago 6 tenths less than in the
area of ​​the epicenter and if in the capital was insufferable in the regions of the maule
and of the bío bío must have been hell
the clocks of the central highway are three minutes ahead
marcano the women min 37 minutes and the cars circulate as if nothing by the route
suddenly the security cameras
they start to stir
slowly at first but suddenly the remittance is so strong that it seems
that are going to unleash
Then comes the blackout
does not warn that motorists lower speed surely yes not assimilate
still what is happening
in another sector of the highway the situation is repeated with a vest
that other camera that moves automatically we can also size
of the force of the earthquake the violence of the outbursts of the transformers
electric and how little by little
the highway and the imperial city
He was leaving cures bought only by the light of the hawks
that's how they lived the earthquake who in those fateful three minutes were
driving the streets
an album these young people
the beginning of the size of a bus line madrid-hendaya because they had already
joined
one
who else has a quick solution
everyone knows a lot
they are testimonies that arrive
historic one of the worst tragedies of our nation
videos
of those who were there
and they managed to overcome fear to document and the camera
that unforgettable early morning
the ATC and the nature was angry with us